Split the Pub/Sub configuration into subsections (#2355)
spring-cloud/spring-cloud-gcp: docs/src/main/asciidoc/pubsub.adoc

Maximum number of outstanding elements to keep in memory before enforcing flow control.| No | unlimited
| `spring.cloud.gcp.pubsub.[subscriber,publisher.batching].flow-control.max-outstanding-request-bytes`|
Maximum number of outstanding bytes to keep in memory before enforcing flow control.| No | unlimited
| `spring.cloud.gcp.pubsub.[subscriber,publisher.batching].flow-control.limit-exceeded-behavior`|
The behavior when the specified limits are exceeded.| No | Block
| `spring.cloud.gcp.pubsub.publisher.batching.element-count-threshold`|
The element count threshold to use for batching.| No | unset (threshold does not apply)
| `spring.cloud.gcp.pubsub.publisher.batching.request-byte-threshold`|
The request byte threshold to use for batching.| No | unset (threshold does not apply)
| `spring.cloud.gcp.pubsub.publisher.batching.delay-threshold-seconds`|
The delay threshold to use for batching.
After this amount of time has elapsed (counting from the first element added), the elements will be wrapped up in a batch and sent. | No | unset (threshold does not apply)
| `spring.cloud.gcp.pubsub.publisher.batching.enabled`|

> Enables batching. | No | false

Reviewer: Why the extra space here before the "|" but not in the previous items?

Author: Fixed.

|===

==== GRPC Connection Settings

The Pub/Sub API uses the https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/reference/service_apis_overview#grpc_api[GRPC] protocol to send API requests to the Pub/Sub service.
This section describes configuration options for customizing the GRPC behavior.

> NOTE: The properties that refer to `retry` are available to control retry in case of fixable failures during the gRPC call to Cloud Pub/Sub server.

Reviewer 2: I'd remove "are available to" (yes, I know I wrote it).

Author: Done.

> NOTE: The properties that refer to `retry` are available to control retry in case of fixable failures during the gRPC call to Cloud Pub/Sub server.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
NOTE: The properties that refer to `retry` are available to control retries in case of transient failures during the gRPC call to Cloud Pub/Sub server.
```

Author: Done.
